performance at the palm of your hand
the PCX cobalt mini-pc is available in
Celeron core i3 Core i5 and now core i7
click here for more info welcome back to
another episode of pc x TV on how you
can maximize the Intel nook in one of
our videos we showed you how the insulin
up can be mated to a home theater system
but did you know that this little cube
is capable of gaming the Intel nuts
built in HD graphics is very well
capable of playing popular titles such
as dota 2 Counter Strike global
Offensive smite League of Legends
Starcraft 2 and so on so if you own the
computer shop or planning to set up one
the info nook will make your shop look
more sleek and you can even make room
for more setups which means more
customers which means more money
or if you plan on just gaming at home
set it up as you would a typical desktop
OS monitor peripherals speakers and
access to an internet connection we were
an SFI Pampanga some time ago and we
featured the Intel nook or our own
custom desktop based on it bcx cobalt as
a gaming console in delivery people
would not believe that the Nook is a
highly capable desktop PC in fact some
thought it was an Xbox and since the
info nook runs on Windows it can support
the latest game controllers out in the
market just make sure that you install
the necessary drivers to avoid any
hardware or software issues down the
road for a smooth full console gaming
experience with both PC package as well
and support your developers yes you're
getting slightly but here is the
benchmark we did for the Intel nook it
specs are based on our ECX cobalt probe
we ran Dragonball xenoverse
don't greater
and GTA 5
now we've been getting queries about the
until not that given size heat can
become quite an issue
well the cool answer this hot topic is a
book well be until not may seem warm to
the touch after running for a while the
reason is the info Knox fan and heatsink
are the kated on the top it's centered
on the CPU justice end computer and
since almost all of the heat that the
intro Nook will produce will be coming
from the CPU it will suffice for cooling
the chassis also has grille surrounded
for ventilation the absence of a
separate graphics processing let me even
lessen the amount of hot air circulating
inside compared to a regular desktop
with a video card since it produces heat
and contributes to more hot air
circulating inside the computer and
there you have gaming on the small the
powerful in zone up thank you for
watching we hope you enjoy this video
like it if you did subscribe to our
channel and click on these links to see
how you can make the best out of your
internal leave a comment down below and
if you have any questions about any
particular game that you would like to
play on the intro on up also comment it
down below and if you have suggestions
do let us know my name is mo let's do
this again